Update Grafana Cloud guide (#951)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/translated-guides/en/03 Results output/200 Real-time/00 Grafana Cloud.md

---
title: 'Grafana Cloud'
excerpt: >
  How to upload the test result metrics to Grafana Cloud using Grafana Cloud Prometheus and the k6 output for Prometheus remote write'
---

> Using Grafana Cloud Prometheus and the [k6 output for Prometheus remote write](/results-output/real-time/prometheus), you can send your k6 metrics into [Grafana Cloud](https://grafana.com/products/cloud) to better visualize your testing results, enabling you to correlate k6 metrics with other metrics of your observability stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Grafana Cloud Prometheus and the [k6 output for Prometheus remote write](/results-output/real-time/prometheus), you can send your k6 metrics into [Grafana Cloud](https://grafana.com/products/cloud) to better visualize your testing results.
With k6 metrics in Grafana, you can correlate k6 metrics with other metrics of your observability stack.
```
